# The Growing "In-Between"

In-betweenness.” This was a recurring theme in the texts we
discussed in the postcolonialism and immigrant literature seminars I
would organize as the English Department representative, back during my
undergraduate years. Like many of the authors, I also grew up
“in-between” cultures, having moved countries since childhood. In fact,
my narrative is an embodiment of a bridge—connecting between disciplines
and between policy and theory. Montgomery County, Virginia was where it
all started.

My family lived in rural Virginia while my parents were completing
their studies. Memories of my childhood in Virginia are some of my most
vivid and cherished: be it of a family camping trip, or even the posters
I would put up around my neighborhood to stop cars from running over
squirrels. It did not matter that I was often the only Asian student in
the classroom in my small elementary school. Back then I felt at home.
My youthful innocence shielded me from any difficulties one may
presumably encounter as a newcomer.

When our family moved back to Seoul, however, was when I realized how
“in-between” I was: I could not even speak my mother tongue. In the
years that followed, I learned to reconcile my Korean background with my
Virginia upbringing. My life in Virginia shaped the trajectory of my
life afterwards—as a bridge, mediating between differences.</p>
<p>I have been a bridge between disciplines. As a PhD student studying
political polarization and immigration, interdisciplinary approaches are
key to my research. In fact, in the past, when I was conducting research
on public opinion on Korea’s compliance with the Nonproliferation
Treaty, as a Nonproliferation Fellow at Korea Advanced Institute for
Science and Technology (KAIST), my own research was enriched by the
interdisciplinary perspectives from scholars in diverse fields. Knowing
the synergy produced by interdisciplinary exchanges, I founded the first
foreign affairs journal at Seoul National University’s Graduate School
of International Studies, to provide a platform for my peers to connect
with those outside their discipline.

I have been a bridge between different perspectives. Writing has thus
always been a way for me to engage with those outside of my boundaries.
For instance, when I became Editor-in-Chief of Seoul National
University’s English Press, I gathered student volunteers to create an
audio-version of the paper to make the paper more accessible, receiving
the school’s social responsibility award as a result. As President of
Seoul National University’s Student Ambassadors, I practiced
cross-cultural communication, introducing Korea to an international
audience.

Having been “in-between” cultures my entire life, I understand the
importance of mediating differences and finding common ground.

It is somewhat ironic, in a bittersweet way, that the one place that
taught me to reconcile differences, is seeing a divergence amongst its
own community members. The graphic above shows the margins in voting
results for Presidential Elections from 1996 to 2024 forr Montgomery
County. As the years progress, my once-purple hometown increasingly
becomes red and blue: evidence of partisan sorting and growing electoral
polarization.
